♫ Close your eyes. I am so, so, so captivated by you like this ♫
♫ You fell into my colorful dream from last night ♫
♫ I want to work hard to gain your attention ♫
♫ Laying in your embrace ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ Just want to wait until the rain falls first,
slowly making your hair wet ♫
♫ I seem to have used some kind of magic ♫
♫ Even a frozen river can melt ♫
♫ Is it like Zhuang Zhou's dream of becoming a butterfly? ♫
♫ You are a blessing and a blight ♫
♫ Then just accept it, accompanying you in
a peaceful and clear night ♫
♫ Listening to the temple's monk ringing the bell ♫
♫ Laying at the Mount Nan loft relaxing ♫
♫ For you I hid my tears ♫
♫ Abandoned worldly affairs. I will find you
no matter the time and place ♫
♫ It's you for the rest of my life. I want to be closer to you ♫
♫ Meeting you in the mortal world ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
[Love Is All]
[Lingyin and Tianyuan hold grudges and break up;
Dacong emotionally reveals his feelings]
[Episode 21]
Sir Tang.
What are you looking at?
Wife has said
she's going to pack her things and come home with me.
Sir Tang,
I really didn't want to report you today.
Truthfully, Er Tong couldn't tolerate it and wanted to vent anger on my behalf.
I also know that everything you said in the court today
was for expediency. That old crook used my life to threaten you.
You didn't admit your relationship with my wife
out of loyalty.
You think too much.
Zong Yinglin already planned for every possibility.
He would be able to punish you regardless of what we chose.
It's just not fair on her.
I understand, I understand. In order to ensure we did not get beaten,
you've been unjustly treated. I will remember your kindness.
I'm sorry for today.
I don't have anything to give you as repayment,
except this money.
You actually accepted it?
I thought you were an honest official?
Arranging settlements for the refugees requires money.
It's fine if you accept it, too. Now you've accepted it,
I can peacefully take my wife away.
She agreed?
[Virtuous Mountain]
Yes.
Sir Tang, today I'll tell you something from the bottom of my heart.
I know you have deep feelings for each other.
But Zong Yinglin that old thief has his eyes set on her.
Even if there wasn't the situation with Er Tong this time,
he will have a next time. He will have unlimited times!
Time and time again,
she hurt both physically
and emotionally.
I see it with my eyes and
it hurts me in my heart.
I can't say it aloud. You can save her once.
How many more times can you save her?
It'll only by leaving this troubled place
that we can stay alive, Sir Tang.
What you said makes sense.
I know. You may be saying this
but in your heart, you think I'm taking advantage of her difficulties.
I don't care if you believe it or not.
This time...
I really don't have any other intentions.
I just hope
that she can be safe and unharmed,
happy, and joyful every day.
♫ Will you love me?  ♫
♫ Will there be a result?  ♫
♫ Who said love won’t  ♫
♫ turn people blue  ♫
♫ The worry over gaining and losing feels like a lock ♫
♫ Locking your ♫
♫ freedom and your carefreeness ♫
♫ Also locks up your sadness ♫
What's wrong?
Sister Lingyin, Boss Zhu sent over some iced porridge.
The temperature is just right so
I brought it for you. Eat some.
I don't want to eat. You should eat it.
Sister Lingyin,
are you actually planning on leaving?
Leave.
During your time in Tongling,
your archery skills have been neglected.
What's going on? Your expression looks so sour.
Have you been defeated?
Since Adviser isn't here right now, why don't we... take Baba—
No way!
I always thought
that all things on Earth had an explanation.
But she is the only person
that I can't figure out or keep by my side.
I always feel like I can't catch her.
Don't worry. Adviser Tan is only being impulsive.
Wait until she's thought it through, then it'll be fine if you talk to her.
I hope so.
Oh yeah.
Has Zong Yinglin left Tongling?
He left ages ago. I asked Cong Shun to escort him.
This old thief, Zong Yinglin. He's always making surprise attacks
in order to catch you unawares. One of these days,
I will brutally punish him.
There's no rush.
His debt... we'll settle it slowly.
- It's you.
- Are you waiting for Head Constable Zheng or Sir Tang?
It has nothing to do with you.
This disguise suits you very well.
Won't it be a waste to give up like this?
A thousand facades are not worth a single sincere heart.
No matter how good your acting is, you can never truly be yourself.
Miss Jiang, you should empathize with this.
I never pretend. In order to face a thousand people, you need a thousand faces.
Only that way will you protect yourself.
I'm afraid that protecting yourself is not your only goal.
I know... you are a loyal person.
You will protect Sir Zong
even if you sacrifice yourself.
But I advise you to reconsider it.
Those who made a mistake,
won't have a chance to turn back time.
Only by fighting to the death,
will you have a path for survival.
Magistrate Assistant Zhou,
[Tongling County Office]
what do you think about Sir Zong's sudden visit to Tongling?
Are you referring to you being falsely accused of adultery?
Sir Zong undoubtedly has relations to the gold case.
Naturally, you know this.
Previously, I wanted to persuade him to work for me.
But I find his actions yesterday extremely confusing.
Sir, adultery is a private matter that authorities don't investigate if the citizens don't report it.
It's normal for Sir Zong to appear to act on it
since someone reported it.
Furthermore, he did let you off
and didn't use this as a reason to punish you.
In my opinion, Sir Zong has intentions to surrender.
You never had your own opinion on anything before.
But you sure have a clear perspective
on this matter.
The concept of a wise man who understands and submits to the circumstances is
something Sir Zong must understand.
A wise man understands and submits to the circumstances.
Nicely said.
But this saying...
Do you understand it?
I... don't know what you mean?
People who have an innocent nature
always like to torment themselves and don't like to rely on others.
Actually, there's nothing embarrassing about relying on others.
For instance, Tan Lingyin and I.
With her here, regardless of the numerous demons and ghosts in Tongling,
I can still act as if spring is in the air.
So, Magistrate Assistant Zhou,
is there someone in your heart that you can rely on?
A blossoming flower can have two sides.
In a life, one can choose heaven or hell.
You are a smart person.
I trust that you have your own decisions.
Also, why were you looking for me today?
It's... It's nothing.
If Sir doesn't have anything else to say, I'm going to leave first.
Okay.
[Virtuous Mountain]
Sister, you should quit drinking.
Next time.
I need to vent since I've been hurt by an unfaithful lover.
Then why don't you go out for a bit? Zhu Dacong is outside.
Qingchen,
although I've broken up with Mr. Tang,
it doesn't mean I should just settle down casually.
That's not what I meant.
It's just that today is the last day of the three-month deadline.
Even though you might not be able to use Sir Tang as a shield anymore,
Zhu Dacong's infatuation still needs to be dealt with.
Otherwise, yesterday's situation will happen again.
I know what you mean.
But I am not in the mood today.
I don't want to deal with him.
Older Sister,
Sir Tang would probably die of anger
if he knew you were going to meet Zhu Dacong.
You have a point.
[Miaosheng Restaurant]
"I left home alone, but I'm bringing family back.
If I don't reach my goal, I don't give up.
One day the beauty will smile.
If I am leading the court,
who'll be afraid of who?"
What's going on?
Zhu Dacong?
This item is the most precious thing in the world.
Wife.
You're the most precious...
- Thing?
- ...treasure in this world.
Even though it's not very proper for me to say this now.
But I am sincere towards you.
Tongling is too scary.
You're on the brink of death all the time.
Return to Jinan with me.
I know that you may not be able to accept me yet.
At least your life won't be in danger once we go back.
I know your feelings.
But I really can't... can't be with you.
I know. It was my mistake yesterday.
But you already heard Sir Tang's decision.
What are you staying here for?
Today is the last day of the three-month period.
You can step down from your position as an adviser.
Wife,
come home with me.
I know that I was wrong before.
I was only thinking about how to take you.
I never considered your feelings.
But I won't do that again in the future.
I will listen to you on everything, okay?
I only said I would go back to Jinan
out of anger.
Don't say anything anymore. I still have a surprise for you.
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ a good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
I bought Miaosheng Restaurant
as a proposal gift for you.
But you kept refusing to accept it.
So I redecorated it over the last few days.
I hung up the bead curtains that you like.
I also painted the walls with your favorite color.
Do you like it?
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk  ♫
♫ And another cup ♫
Dacong, these days I see you as my good friend.
So I can't keep lying to you.
What have you been lying to me about?
Actually,
the three-month contract
was something I asked Sir Tang to fabricate.
I just wanted you to retreat in the face of difficulty.
- I...
- The contract
was something you risked death to fabricate
because you didn't want to marry me?
Sorry.
Dacong,
I am so sorry.
Wife,
don't I look like a fool?
If it wasn't for you,
who would be willing to be this foolish?
I didn't. I never thought you were a fool. Truly.
- But feelings—
- But you can't force feelings.
But you don't have feelings for me at all.
But the person you like is him.
That's right.
You have been constantly saying that over the last three months.
Yet, I still held onto some hope.
I thought I could be with you when you smile,
be with you when you cry.
I thought it may be a good thing
that you would lie to me. Maybe,
one day you'll discover that I'm good.
I admit
that I am a fool.
You're not.
Younger Brother is here.
Miaosheng Restaurant is not open today.
Go and eat elsewhere with your sister.
What are we eating? Are we going to use your tears to eat with rice?
- I'm...
- Older Sister, you should go first.
I want to say something to him.
Young Master Zhu, stop looking. Let's sit down.
Young Master Zhu.
That's how she is.
You can't drag her back with nine horses once her mind is set on something.
Why do this to yourself?
But you... I think you're a good man.
What's the use in being a good man?
♫ There's no lamp, there's no sound ♫
She's just not willing to force herself.
♫ There's no one reciting old monologues in my mind ♫
She used to always lie to me.
♫ And forcing me to cry out loud ♫
I also had my doubts before.
♫ Sitting there zoning out ♫
But did you know?
I think it's good that she lied to me.
I also like being lied to by her.
But today,
she opened up and told me the truth.
Now, I don't know what to do.
But... are you still not willing to give up?
I worked so hard for this long.
How can I let go so easily?
♫ Illusions from the tears kept me ♫
Do you know, right now,
I feel like
there's no more hope left for me.
♫ Always end up with confused and wrong answers ♫
Tomorrow morning...
I think you
should go to the base of Mount Tianmu.
Find those old men and practice the Five-Animal Exercise.
(T/N: Breathing and limb movement exercise, "Qigong")
Or...
Or just keep searching.
You have such good qualities, and there are so many women out there.
You can definitely find someone more suitable.
Did you know?
There's only one of your sister.
Only one.
Qingchen,
I'm very sad.
Very sad.
Brother Zhu,
calm down first.
Get some peace and quiet.
I will go look for my sister.
Sister Lingyin, there was a letter addressed to you left at the door.
Did you see who sent it?
- No.
[Tan Lingyin, I have Tan Qingchen in my hands. You must bring me 2,000 taels and also personally tell Tang Tianyuan that you are the spy; otherwise, Tan Qingchen will die.]
What does it say, Sister Lingyin?
Why do you look so anxious?
Qingchen...
Miss Jiang?
Why did you kidnap me?
Unless you want to use me in order to make my sister leave Sir Tang?
What do you think?
Why don't you search yourself for the reason?
Then, this is strange.
There are no grudges between us.
What is this for?
It makes sense.
It's already been twelve years.
You probably don't remember.
But we've been living in fear for twelve years.
I don't know what you are saying.
Then I'll give you another hint.
That year you were five. There was a midsummer drought.
There wasn't a single source of water in the forest.
You hid in the mountains for three days.
Someone kept chasing you.
You really have to hide well this time.
Go.
Jiang Rendong, stop crying!
Listen well. My Jiang family has been officials for four reigning emperors.
We've accumulated plenty and have wide-ranging connections.
You are the only one standing between the emperor and the world.
So what if you were reprimanded by the emperor?
As long as you put up with hardships,
in two years, Father will have acquired the power to command the army.
At that time, you'll see who has the final say on this earth.
Don't kill me, I beg you. Don't kill me.
Don't blame me.
If you want to blame anyone, blame your sister.
Sister lives a quiet and peaceful life.
She's detached from worldly affairs. She would never hurt anyone.
It's because you went somewhere that you shouldn't have,
and heard things you shouldn't have heard.
Sorry, Young Master.
Brother, will it hurt?
Young Master, we'll part ways here.
Whether you live or die will be decided by the heavens.
Sorry, Master.
Miss Jiang,
why are you so curious about my identity?
If you are the person that was being chased,
then your existence is a big threat.
Since I have found you,
then I must find out the truth.
What if I'm the same as you
in thinking that my identity is a threat?
You already remembered?
I just forgot all about it.
I don't care if you remembered or have forgotten.
You just need to be clear on one thing.
Your life...
is in my hands.
[Tongling County Office]
[Esteemed virtue]
You're finally willing to see me.
Tang Tianyuan,
since the start, I approached you
because of the gold.
That's not strange.
- Because from the start, you were obsessed with—
- I mean...
the gold case.
That can't be.
You came to the county office to get material to write your book.
Didn't you always suspect that there was a spy in the county office who you couldn't find?
That's because I am the spy.
Zong Yinglin sent me here.
My motive was to remain concealed at your side in order to get first-hand information.
Then use you to find the location of the hidden gold.
Then, can you explain something to me?
Why was Zong Yinglin constantly attempting to kill you?
Is he crazy? Does he not want his left and right hands?
(T/N: aides)
Sir Zong has his own reasons.
He already thought of a way to save me.
Turn around.
I'm telling you to turn around and talk to me.
Your plan may look perfect,
but there's a small flaw to it.
That is, why did you suddenly betray him?
Because he wants to use my life to remove you from your post.
He's at a dead end.
I won't die with him.
Do you think I'll believe your lies?
I have never loved you.
Can you stop playing around?
You know that I blink when I lie.
But I didn't. Did you think of this?
Why is it that every time you received new information,
Sir Zong was able to know and respond?
Why is it each time he looked to harm me, I was able to escape?
It's because this is all part of my plan
to lure you into my trap. Initially, I still felt remorse.
I felt I was playing with your emotions.
But after hearing your words in court yesterday,
there's nothing more to say since we are all being fake.
Do you really want me to believe that you're the spy?
Sir Tang, since I am confessing honestly,
please treat me leniently.
Okay.
You don't need to call for someone.
- I know where the prison is.
- No need.
From today onwards, you are fired from your position as an adviser.
In the future... we do not owe each other.
♫ There is a boundless distance to come ♫
Sir Tang, you're so merciful.
Be careful. It might bring trouble.
Go.
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk  ♫
I finally know why a lot of people say
"a mistress is not as good as a stolen woman." How exciting!
Then go steal all you want!
What's wrong? You're angry?
Then... when can make the public announcement?
Have you thought about how to tell Sir Tang yet?
I still have some things
I'm not too clear about.
You're worried Old Tang will get back at you?
He won't. He's not that kind of person.
Sir Tang knows that these are separate matters.
He'll understand.
As long as you turn over a new leaf and do good,
everything is possible.
I believe him, but it's not because of that.
But...
I probably can't keep hiding this secret for you.
Zong Yinglin won't stop.
He keeps harming Adviser and Sir. We've given him many chances.
That doesn't mean we should continue to accommodate him!
I know.
I also don't know what he's thinking.
Maybe what he did yesterday was part of a gamble.
Or maybe...
he is still confused about which side he should be on.
Who cares.
However, if Adviser and Sir
are forced to part,
I will definitely not forgive him.
I keep thinking he's starting to suspect me.
That's normal! He only trusts me
and Adviser Tan.
Then, what about you?
Aren't you afraid that I'm falsely surrendering?
Ruyi, I believe you.
You were forced by another and had no choice.
I also believe that people will have
moments when they are led astray.
I believe even more that as long as you come to your senses,
it's never too late.
All right, don't be unhappy!
I'm going to go now.
I will tell Sir Tang.
But... not today.
Not today? Then, when will it be?
Tomorrow? The day after? You need to tell me.
Soon.
Okay, I believe you.
Don't betray my trust.
♫ The overnight spring breeze, as I go out into the world,
hoping not to disappoint ♫
♫ To roam the world, just this ferry of longing, I can't let go ♫
♫  The ferry keeps floating, but the way back seems endless ♫
♫ The chilling waters brought a lonely boat that caught my eye ♫
♫ A fierce horse, where is it going in this mortal world? ♫
♫ Where can I leisurely see to the limit of the cloud and stars ♫
♫ On an ancient road, as the sun sets,
I asked the young bamboo ♫
♫ When will you reply? ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon?  ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ A single flourishing blossom tree is hazier
after being hit by the rain ♫
♫ A lonely lit lamp reflects onto the paper window endlessly ♫
♫ Endlessly, it cannot end, this spring flower ♫
♫ Seeing the dried up vines and hearing the winters crows,
too busy to rest ♫
♫ A stream of west wind, welcomes Tusu (wine), in pursuit ♫
♫ In pursuit of the four seasons, the oceans, but I hesitate ♫
♫ When the brush stops, the wind stops, sleep stops ♫
♫ The long journey home ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫  The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk  ♫
♫ And another cup ♫